It's really hard to meet the four major families
These four major families add up to be difficult to meet
Even the Dragon Kingdom is hard to find an enemy
This time the Wang family has won such a high position
I'm afraid it will take off in the future
It is said that the royal family and the organizers of this event
End-inverse relationship between the imperial management and the management
There is a housekeeper to support it
The Wang family will definitely get the order.
Wang Shao has to help me wait in the future, Wang Shao
Hahaha Wang Shao
If you get the appreciation of the four major families today
Don't forget our Lin family
Hey, grandpa Wang Shao, are you still worried?
Yes, sir
We are all family, why are we still saying these things?
Wait until I get this 10 billion order.
I will definitely support our neighbor, okay?
At that time
If I become the fifth largest family in the sea
Then you will succeed our king general
The current status is fine.
Thank you Wang Shao Thank you Thank you Thank you
There is Wang Shao's sentence
Our neighbor is sure to soar into the sky
soaring sky
Hahaha
I started fantasizing before this order arrived.
You are too anxious
Boy, I'm afraid you don't know yet
Those who come to Linglong Banquet compare their strength
It's the background.
Our Wang family can pull out any one at will.
A hundred times stronger than you, you know?
Anyway, ask everyone here
Which one dares to compete with our Wang family?
Could it be that you don't know
Anything.
The most taboo thing is to open the champagne at half-time?
I think so.
The four major families are more optimistic about poetry
So?
Don't be too happy if you don't get some things.
Shut your mouth
Don't be in vain.
I'm afraid some people will be ashamed.
Boy, now the four team leaders have come
I don't want to talk nonsense with you.
Get the hell out of here
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude, Zheng Wu.
You can ask them.
Do you dare me to get out of here?
Since you're courting death, don't blame me
You're welcome, break his hands and feet for me and throw it out.
How come?